Reorganize SharePoint Embedded docs (#10941)
SharePoint/sp-dev-docs: docs/embedded/build/open-office-files.md

Supported experiences include:

- Opening Office documents in Office for the web.
- Opening Office documents in Office desktop clients.
- Viewing and editing files.
- AutoSave for Word, Excel, and PowerPoint files.
- Version history for Office documents.
- Coauthoring.
- Sharing and shareable links.
- Comments and mentions, with documented limitations.
- Breadcrumbs in Office clients that associate a file with your app.

> [!NOTE]
> Documents stored in an archived container can't be viewed or accessed. Your app must handle the archived state by showing an appropriate error and guiding users on next steps, such as reactivating the container.

## Prerequisites
Before launching Office files, make sure:

- The file is stored in a SharePoint Embedded container.
- The app can read DriveItem metadata for the file.
- The user has permission to view or edit the file.
- The file type is supported by the target Office client.
- Your app handles browser redirects or new-window behavior.

## Get the DriveItem web URL
When your app retrieves a DriveItem from Microsoft Graph, the response can include `webUrl`.

> For supported Office file types, `webUrl` can point to a WOPI URL that opens the document in Office for the web.

Reviewer: What is WOPI and how is it relevant? No prior context on WOPI here and it just isn't relevant.

Also "can point"? That's not helpful. Will it point to the Office online or not?

```suggestion
For supported Office file types, `webUrl` points to a URL that opens the document in Office for the web.
```

A supported Office web URL has this shape:

```http
https://host/:w:r/contentstorage/sitecollection/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=guid&file=filename.docx&action=default&mobileredirect=true
```

For request details, see [Get a DriveItem resource](/graph/api/driveitem-get).

## Launch Office for the web
Use the DriveItem `webUrl` when your app should open Office in the browser.

1. Read the DriveItem for the selected file.
1. Confirm the response includes `webUrl`.
1. Open the URL in a browser tab, window, or app-controlled navigation surface.
1. Preserve app context so users can return after editing.
1. Handle access denied errors by checking file permissions and container membership.

> [!NOTE]
> Office files use AutoSave when users edit Word, Excel, and PowerPoint files stored in SharePoint Embedded.

## Configure the default launch experience

> By default, the WOPI URL can include `action=default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Office URL includes `action=default`.
```

To force a mode, update the query parameter with this pattern:

```csharp
System.UriBuilder builder = new System.UriBuilder(webUrl);
System.Collections.Specialized.NameValueCollection queryDictionary = System.Web.HttpUtility.ParseQueryString(builder.Query);
queryDictionary["action"] = "view";
builder.Query = queryDictionary.ToString();
string modifiedWebUrl = builder.ToString();
```

Use:

- `action=view` for read-only viewing.
- `action=edit` for editing when the user has edit permission.
- `action=default` when Office should choose the default behavior.

> For WOPI action details, see [WOPI Discovery - WOPI Actions](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/discovery#wopi-actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For supported `action` values, see [Web Application Open Platform Interface actions](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/discovery#wopi-actions).
```
